Docs: Describe Dead View Mode (#527)
software-mansion/live-debugger: docs/dead_view_mode.md

This feature allows you to debug the state of your application after redirecting or encountering a crash.

> #### Limitations {: .info}
>

> > Inspecting "dead" Live View process is temporary. If you refresh your debugger or navigate to `Active Live Views` or `Settings` then the information will be lost.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Inspecting "dead" LiveView process is temporary. If you refresh your debugger or navigate to `Active LiveViews` or `Settings` then the information will be lost.
```

> Dead View Mode allows you to freely use both `Node Inspector` and `Global Traces`. The state, and callbacks are stored until you will continue to the next Live View.

Reviewer: Please fix all of these in this file

```suggestion
DeadView Mode allows you to freely use both `Node Inspector` and `Global Traces`. The state, and callbacks are stored until you will continue to the next LiveView.
```
